UPDATE: 10/15/14:   Added a latex file "signature.tex" that will help generate
			a correct signature page.  Removed the copyright page
			requirement and adjusted the page numbering system to 
			match.


UPDATE:  08/26/11:  DOWNLOAD THE NEW  unmeethesis.cls  file found here  to
                    comply with the new OGS requirements for no title page
                    red box and no abstract title page.

                    You can replace  your previous copy  with the new  one 
                    to meet this requirement.  The  rest of your  document
                    will remain unchanged.

This directory  contains the  necessary thesis and dissertation  style sheets,
for  writing a  paper to submit  to the UNM Office of Graduate Studies  (OGS).

These files are  described in the  manual "styles," in the user_manuals parent
directory.

These files  can be placed in your local thesis working directory or installed
globally by your system administrator. 

FOR A THESIS  OR  DISSERTATION, only  the  unmeethesis.cls, unm12.clo and  the
template.tex files are required!!

The files in this directory are described as follows:

unmeethesis.cls: REQUIRED LaTeX2e  file for using  the UNM thesis/dissertation
                 style. 
unm10.clo,
unm11.clo,
unm12.clo:       REQUIRED font spacing specification files for reports, theses
                 or  dissertations.  Only unm12.clo (12 pt.) file is  required 
                 for  a thesis or dissertation conforming to OGS requirements. 
template.tex:    A complete  but short thesis  example.  Should  compile under
                 LaTeX2e without modifications.  Modify this template for your
                 own  thesis  or dissertation (does  not require  sample.bib).
unmeereport.cls: Required LaTeX2e style file for generating technical reports.
                 Not necessary for a thesis or dissertation. 
eeceTR.cls:      Improved  technical report  style.  Corrects  bugs in chapter  
                 numbering,  tables and  figures,  etc.  Not  necessary  for a
                 thesis or dissertation. 
report.tex:      A LaTeX example for  generating a technical  report.  Used in 
                 conjunction with eeceTR.cls and sample.bib.  Modify as needed
                 for  reports.    Not  needed  for a  thesis  or dissertation.
unm_logo.eps:    Required UNM  logo for  generating  technical  reports.   Not
                 necessary for a thesis or dissertation.
sample.bib:      A sample  BiBTeX bibliography database (text file).  Contains
                 completed  examples of  the  following  entries:  proceedings,
                 article,  phdthesis,   book,  techreport,  misc,  unpublished,
                 and  mastersthesis.   An  example of its  use is  in the  file
                 report.tex.
--
These  files are  maintained  by Neall Doren (nedoren@sandia.gov).  Email with 
corrections or questions.

Last modified: 08/26/2011
